c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\PluginDemo.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\PluginDemo.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\obj\Debug\PluginDemo.GeolocatorPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\obj\Debug\PluginDemo.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\obj\Debug\PluginDemo.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\obj\Debug\PluginDemo.SharePage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\obj\Debug\PluginDemo.ExternalMaps.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\obj\Debug\PluginDemo.MediaPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\obj\Debug\PluginDemo.MessagingPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\obj\Debug\PluginDemo.PermissionPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\obj\Debug\PluginDemo.SettingsPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\bin\Debug\Plugin.Settings.Abstractions.xml
