c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\PluginDemo.WinPhone.xr.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\PluginDemo.WinPhone.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\PluginDemo.WinPhone.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\PluginDemo.WinPhone.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\PluginDemo.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.Phone.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\PluginDemo.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.pri
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.Phone.pri
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\PluginDemo.WinPhone.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\PluginDemo.WinPhone.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\PluginDemo.WinPhone.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\PluginDemo.WinPhone.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.pri.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WinRT.Phone.pri.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\obj\x86\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Share.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Share.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Share.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\LocalNotifications.Plugin.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Messaging.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Settings.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Settings.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Settings.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PluginDemo\PluginDemo\PluginDemo.WinPhone\bin\x86\Debug\Plugin.Settings.Abstractions.xml
